within the field of psychology itself. My mentors are, uh, Dr Margaret
White, who I met when I was an undergrad and psychology. In fact, it
was her bio psychology class. That really kind of set me on this path.
Um, and when I was in my Masters program, I worked as her graduate
assistant. Um, and she is a great friend today, and we, you know,
see each other regularly, and I'm still I still call her for advice.
Um, and then my graduate, my PhD mentor, was Dr John Salamone. Um,
and he really taught me how to be an independent researcher. Um, taught
me a lot about you know, how toe develop a research program and
and kind of run a lab. And, um, he's someone that I also I'm still
in contact with, and I call him for advice when I need Thio. And then
Dr John Marshall, who I worked with as a postdoc, um, was really
helpful to me in terms of just learning how to manage a lab and how
to kind of be the head of a lab. And so, um, I learned a lot from him.
Um, and he's retired now. um, but I still I still him in contact
with him occasionally and just kind of, you know, seeing how he's doing.
And it's actually been kind of interesting to me, too, because
he's being retired. Um, you know, I'm kind of seeing from him like,
Oh, what's life after? You know, what's it like once you retire? And
what do you do where the where the old scientists go? Eso It's been
really kind of fun following him on that journey.